Addressing some ambiguity with regards to multi-value indexing (#767)
RedisJSON/RedisJSON: docs/docs/indexing_JSON.md

   2) "{\"user\":{\"name\":\"John Smith\",\"tag\":\"foo,bar\",\"hp\":1000,\"dmg\":150}}"
```

## Indexing JSON arrays

Any JSON path that resolves to an array of strings or booleans is indexable as a TAG field.

> This means that we can index any JSON array of strings or booleans, as well as any objects
> we can derive a JSON path from to resolve to an array of strings or booleans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that we can index any JSON array of strings, as well as any objects
we can derive a JSON path from, to resolve to an array of strings.
```

Take the following example, which has an array of strings (`phone_numbers`), and an array of objects `addresses`:

```json
{
   "name":"Bob Fry",
   "phone_numbers":
   [
      "555-555-5555",
      "123-456-7890"
   ],
   "addresses":
   [
      {
         "street_address":"123 Main Street",
         "city":"Orlando",
         "state":"Florida",
         "postal_code":"32789"
      },
      {
         "street_address":"234 Drury Lane",
         "city":"Atlanta",
         "state":"Georgia",
         "postal_code":"30301"
      }
   ]
}
```

> You can index any JSON path that will resolve to an array. For example, `$.phone_numbers.*` resolves to the array `['555-555-5555', 123-456-7890]` so it can be indexed. Also, the string fields WITHIN the objects of the `addresses` field can also be indexed. For example, the JSON path `$.addresses[*].city` resolves to an array of strings `[Orlando, Atlanta]`. Consequentially, you can create a corresponding index to index both of these fields:

Reviewer 2: Missing quotes on the second phone number.

## Current indexing limitations

### Multiple-values cannot be indexed for non-TAG fields

JSON paths that resolve to multiple values are only supported for TAG fields, and currently`TEXT`, `NUMERIC`,
and `GEO` are not supported. The JSON paths for these non-TAG fields must resolve to a single scalar value.
If they resolve to anything but a single scalar value, the index will fail.

### It is not possible to index whole JSON objects.

To be indexed, a JSONPath expression must return a single scalar value (e.g. a string or number),
with the exception of `TAG` fields, which can index arrays of scalar strings and booleans.

If the JSONPath expression returns an object, it will be ignored.

However it is possible to index the scalars within JSON objects and arrays.

Given the following document:

```JSON
{
  "name": "Headquarters",
  "address": {
    "unit": "Suite 250",
    "city":"Mountain View",
    "state":"CA",
    "postal_code":"94040"
   },
   "phone_numbers":[
      "555-555-5555",
      "123-456-7890"
   ]
}
```

> The path `$.address` returns the whole object for address, so this cannot be indexed. However, you can index the components of `address` with a JSON path resolving to the scalars within it e.g. `$.address.unit`. Additionally if you wanted to create a rule where you'd consider the first element of the `phone_numbers` array the primary phone number, you could use the path $.phone_numbers[0] to resolve to that item:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The path `$.address` returns the whole object for address, so this cannot be indexed. However, you can index the components of `address` with a JSON path resolving to the scalars within it, for example, `$.address.unit`. Additionally, if you want to create a rule where you consider the first element of the `phone_numbers` array the primary phone number, you can use the path $.phone_numbers[0] to resolve to that item:
```
